Idea: Base on the chat application, sending TCP messages.

Thread: Cannot use single thread, at all. The handicap is, many method from Unity can only executed on the main thread --> Have to work around.
	(Rendering maybe use another thread, this is also true for Unreal Engine)

Server Logic:

Architecture: Singleton for the Client MonoBehaviour. --> Different Component can send the tcp message 

Problem: Multiple Thread - games built with Unity is a single thread application, which means some functionalities might not work in a different thread. Some TCP messages will be sent and processed on a different thread. Luckily, writing data (saving data in variables) still works.
--> Solution: writing data on different thread. Run Update() to check the data and call the methods when we need it.
--> Drawbacks: May not work if the project is larger, it is not scalable.

Problem: synchronizing objects movement.
2 parts: 
	moving the ball left and right to aim. Each time the ball change the position --> send that position --> The other client receive the message --> So they update their ball
	physics simulation.
		Synchronize all --> In Unity, physics simulation happens at 50FPS, which means, the physics calculate and update 50 times per second. We also have 10 objects to simulate. --> (Maybe) Sending too much messages (or too much data) at the same time. 
			--> Not scalable if there is more objects in the scene.
			--> Running synchronization at lower FPS (10, or 30 FPS).
				--> Because this game runs at (at least) 60 FPS, we need to implement some interpolation or extrapolation algorithm for it. --> In other networking solution, they have this. But no, I'm not doing this.
		Synchronize the throwing force, let Unity handle the simulation --> Solve that, but we have handle the game events more carefully. 
			--> Lag and incorrect timing might break the synchronization
			--> We now have more problem to solve
				Pause --> Synchronizing Pause
				Reset Section --> Synchronizing this also
				Synchronize: Pins (What to keep), Forces on Pin, Score


Task:
Bug: Khi di chuyển bóng ở player 2 (xanh) hoặc di chuyển ngay khi vừa bắt đầu game --> Lỗi

Đồng bộ Pause trên toàn bộ những device trong room.
Đồng bộ điểm (bởi vì giả lập physics sẽ có thể có những sai số nhỏ)

Disable khi đến turn người chơi khác

if possible, use broadcast

tcp message got merged together


